What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git creates a directory called ".git" in which it will save all the commits and 
versions of my code.
I need to initialize a repository to allow Git keep track of whatever I'm doing.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

In the staging allows me to have more control of what changes to be commited.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

In the staging area I can see the files that have been added with the intention of 
adding a specific commit.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

When trying new things in the code that you are not sure are going to work.
When making changes to maybe create a different version of the code.
When moving to a different kind of work.
When creating experimental software. To keep it away of the stable version.
When colaborating piblicly.
To switch on work.
Keep things organized when collaborating with others.
Branches helps, taking care of creating and keeping control of the code implemented
on the specific brach.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It makes easier to understando the structure and flow of our code, so in that way
you can find what commits  belong to what branch and also what commints are reachable
by thtat brach.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

The code of two branches become one. 
We represenit in that way to have clear what branches were merged and wath commits
were to each previous branch.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The pros are that it is faster to merge the code and also easier.
The cons are that some times it can produce some conflicts or errors while merging,
so you will have to find manually wath that problems are and how to fix them.
